Welcome back.
Another two important functions that you always need to use in case you aren't using any other technique
are the minuscule escape.
Real escapes create a string and the female entities.
So what are these functions?
These functions will and should be used in case you are inserting.
In case you are inserting.
Data into databases before inserting data into database.
This function that I'm going to talk about that I'm going to show you shortly will kind of sanitize
your data.
It's going to clean your data.
So this function is very important.
I'm going to your show you this function is called my is I real skip string.
So this function is very important in case you are inserting data.
The second very important function that you need to use is called HD Email.
It's called HD email entities.
And this function should be used whenever you are displaying displaying data.
So whether you are displaying data from the user or displaying data that you got from the database,
you need to use either the special characters or the the HD email entities.
So the special the female special characters and the HD mail entities are basically the same, except
for only one difference, which is the the HD entities will convert all applicable characters to HD
male entities, whereas the HD male special characters will convert only the special characters to HD
male entities.
So HD this is, I would say is stronger than stronger than the HD special characters because it converts
all applicable characters to female.
So you can use one of them, but I would recommend using the entities.
So let me show you examples on where you should use these two functions.
So the my is ill real skip string should be used whenever you are inserting something into the database.
For example, maybe here you are waiting for something that the user is going to give you in order for
you to insert into the database, for example.
Maybe you want to update the their email.
So before updating their email, they would, they would first type you their new email, for example,
admin at example, nbc.com or whatever email.
Let me say here, mark at example that count, for example.
And once they submit that email, that new email, you need to pass that email into the my scale reels
keep stream and I'm going to be showing you an example later.
But this is where you should use the real skip string.
The other function, which is HD email entities, is used whenever you are getting something from the
database.
For example, if you want to display something from the database or something that the user has recently
submitted, you need to use the HD HD email, special characters or the HD email entities.
So one of them, just one function.
Let me show you this function now.
So this function is going to you let me first refresh.
Allow me try to type your one and then each one and then I'm going to say hello.
So as you can see, I have submitted here a HD melkote and if you click on find, this guide will be
displayed as is.
It's not going to be interpreted as HD email because this function, the the email entities will not
allow users to use HD email.
It's going to convert any, any, any characters, any UN unknown characters to text, to plain text
instead of it interpreting this good as HD email.
And by the way, you can use these parameters are optional.
So you can use if you are confused about these optional optional parameters, you can use this one,
this function with only one mandatory character mandatory parameter, which is the the text that the
user will submit.
And then you can use this.
So let me refresh let me show you another example which is using a script.
So if you if the user tries to inject any JavaScript into your system.
Yeah.
And if you click on find here, as you can see, it's going to convert that script into a simple text.
So this function is super important and you should use it.
You should always use this function to actually email entities or email special characters whenever
you are displaying something to users.